content/en/home/mst_pub.md, before:

+++

headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 80  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Selected Publications"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Toggle between the various page layout types.
  #   1 = List
  #   2 = Compact
  #   3 = Card
  #   4 = Citation (publication only)


[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.
  
  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  # gradient_start = "DeepSkyBlue"
  # gradient_end = "SkyBlue"
  
  # Background image.
  # image = "background.jpg"  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  # text_color_light = true  
  
[advanced]
 # Custom CSS. 
 css_style = ""
 
 # CSS class.
 css_class = ""
+++
Barrio-Hernandez I., Yeo J., Jänes J., Mirdita M., Gilchrist C.L.M., Wein T., Varadi M., Velankar S., Beltrao P., **Steinegger M.** (2023) Clustering predicted structures at the scale of the known protein universe, *Nature* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.03.09.531927v1) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06510-w) [[software]](https://foldseek.com)  

van Kempen M., Kim S.S., Tumescheit C., Mirdita M., Lee J., Gilchrist C.L.M., Söding J., **Steinegger M.** (2023) Fast and accurate protein structure search with Foldseek, *Nature Biotechnology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.02.07.479398v5) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41587-023-01773-0) [[software]](https://foldseek.com)  

Mirdita M., Schütze K., Moriwaki Y., Heo L., Ovchinnikov S., **Steinegger M.** (2022) ColabFold: making protein folding accessible to all, *Nature Methods* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.08.15.456425v3) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-022-01488-1) [[software]](https://colabfold.com)  

**Steinegger M.**, Salzberg S.L. (2020) Terminating contamination: large-scale search identifies more than 2,000,000 contaminated entries in GenBank, *Genome Biology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.01.26.920173v1) [[journal]](https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-020-02023-1) [[software]](https://github.com/martin-steinegger/conterminator)  

**Steinegger M.**, Meier M., Mirdita M., Vöhringer H., Haunsberger S.J., Söding J. (2019) HH-suite3 for fast remote homology detection and deep protein annotation, *BMC Bioinformatics* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/560029v1) [[journal]](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-3019-7) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/hh-suite)  

**Steinegger M.**, Mirdita M., Söding J. (2019) Protein-level assembly increases protein sequence recovery from metagenomic samples manyfold, *Nature Methods* [[prerprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/386110v2) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-019-0437-4) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/plass)  

**Steinegger M.**, Söding J. (2018) Clustering huge protein sequence sets in linear time, *Nature Communications* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/104034v4) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-018-04964-5) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/mmseqs2)  

**Steinegger M.**, Söding J. (2017) MMseqs2: Sensitive protein sequence searching for the analysis of massive data sets, *Nature Biotechnology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/079681v5.full) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/nbt.3988) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/mmseqs2)

Commit message:

add metabuli, change junsu's info and add siyoung

content/en/home/mst_pub.md, after:

+++

headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 80  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Selected Publications"
subtitle = ""

[design]
  # Toggle between the various page layout types.
  #   1 = List
  #   2 = Compact
  #   3 = Card
  #   4 = Citation (publication only)


[design.background]
  # Apply a background color, gradient, or image.
  #   Uncomment (by removing `#`) an option to apply it.
  #   Choose a light or dark text color by setting `text_color_light`.
  #   Any HTML color name or Hex value is valid.
  
  # Background color.
  # color = "navy"
  
  # Background gradient.
  # gradient_start = "DeepSkyBlue"
  # gradient_end = "SkyBlue"
  
  # Background image.
  # image = "background.jpg"  # Name of image in `static/img/`.
  # image_darken = 0.6  # Darken the image? Range 0-1 where 0 is transparent and 1 is opaque.

  # Text color (true=light or false=dark).
  # text_color_light = true  
  
[advanced]
 # Custom CSS. 
 css_style = ""
 
 # CSS class.
 css_class = ""
+++
Kim J, **Steinegger M.** (2024) Metabuli: sensitive and specific metagenomic classification via joint analysis of amino acid and DNA, *Nature Methods* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.05.31.543018v2) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-024-02273-y) [[software]](https://github.com/steineggerlab/Metabuli) 

Barrio-Hernandez I., Yeo J., Jänes J., Mirdita M., Gilchrist C.L.M., Wein T., Varadi M., Velankar S., Beltrao P., **Steinegger M.** (2023) Clustering predicted structures at the scale of the known protein universe, *Nature* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2023.03.09.531927v1) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-023-06510-w) [[software]](https://foldseek.com)  

van Kempen M., Kim S.S., Tumescheit C., Mirdita M., Lee J., Gilchrist C.L.M., Söding J., **Steinegger M.** (2023) Fast and accurate protein structure search with Foldseek, *Nature Biotechnology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2022.02.07.479398v5) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41587-023-01773-0) [[software]](https://foldseek.com)  

Mirdita M., Schütze K., Moriwaki Y., Heo L., Ovchinnikov S., **Steinegger M.** (2022) ColabFold: making protein folding accessible to all, *Nature Methods* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.08.15.456425v3) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-022-01488-1) [[software]](https://colabfold.com)  

**Steinegger M.**, Salzberg S.L. (2020) Terminating contamination: large-scale search identifies more than 2,000,000 contaminated entries in GenBank, *Genome Biology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.01.26.920173v1) [[journal]](https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-020-02023-1) [[software]](https://github.com/martin-steinegger/conterminator)  

**Steinegger M.**, Meier M., Mirdita M., Vöhringer H., Haunsberger S.J., Söding J. (2019) HH-suite3 for fast remote homology detection and deep protein annotation, *BMC Bioinformatics* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/560029v1) [[journal]](https://bmcbioinformatics.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s12859-019-3019-7) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/hh-suite)  

**Steinegger M.**, Mirdita M., Söding J. (2019) Protein-level assembly increases protein sequence recovery from metagenomic samples manyfold, *Nature Methods* [[prerprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/386110v2) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41592-019-0437-4) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/plass)  

**Steinegger M.**, Söding J. (2018) Clustering huge protein sequence sets in linear time, *Nature Communications* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/104034v4) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-018-04964-5) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/mmseqs2)  

**Steinegger M.**, Söding J. (2017) MMseqs2: Sensitive protein sequence searching for the analysis of massive data sets, *Nature Biotechnology* [[preprint]](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/079681v5.full) [[journal]](https://www.nature.com/articles/nbt.3988) [[software]](https://github.com/soedinglab/mmseqs2)
